docs: Update ignore.md (#18963)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/ignore.md

## Ignoring Files

::: tip

> Be aware that `ignores` need to be in it's own object. Combining with other configuration, such as `files` doesn't work!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that `ignores` needs to be in its own object. Combining with other configurations, such as `files` doesn't work!
```
